Fix membership writing (#53)
Financial-Times/concept-rw-elasticsearch: README.md

- whitelisted-concepts - comma separated values with concept types that are supported by this writer. This is important if we don't want to end-up with automatically defined mapping types in our index.
- elasticsearch-trace (defaults to false)

The currently supported concept types are: "genres,topics,sections,subjects,locations,brands,organisations,people, alphaville-series, memberships".

## Available DATA endpoints:

localhost:8080/{type}/{uuid}

Available types:

> `organisations, brands, genres, locations, people, sections, subjects, topics, alphaville-series, memberships`

Author: Can you please explain what you mean by "special behaviour"?

- whitelisted-concepts - comma separated values with concept types that are supported by this writer. This is important if we don't want to end-up with automatically defined mapping types in our index.
- elasticsearch-trace (defaults to false)

The currently supported concept types are: "genres, topics, sections, subjects, locations, brands, organisations, people,  alphaville-series, memberships".

## Available DATA endpoints:

localhost:8080/{type}/{uuid}

Available types:
`organisations, brands, genres, locations, people, sections, subjects, topics, alphaville-series, memberships`

> When a membership arrives for an existing person, it updates the person by setting its `isFTAuthor` flag to `true`. However, there are cases in which a membership arrives first. In this case, the service will create a placeholder person object in Elasticsearch with an `id` and the `isFTAuthor` flag set to `true`. Otherwise, the person will have its `isFTAuthor` flag set to `false`, which is not correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Membership concepts are a special case. Only "FT memberships" are handled and they are not written in ES, but modify the person concept entry associated with that membership. All other memberships are skipped.
Meaning when a membership concept with organisation id FT (`7bcfe07b-0fb1-49ce-a5fa-e51d5c01c3e0`) and membership id either columnist (`7ef75a6a-b6bf-4eb7-a1da-03e0acabef1b`) or journalist (`33ee38a4-c677-4952-a141-2ae14da3aedd`) is send to the service the `isFTAuthor` field for the person associated with that concept is set to `true`. If there is no record for that person UUID a dummy one is created with only `ID`, `LastModified` and `isFTAuthor` fields set. 
```
